yeah since 2001 I've moved five times
and I've used this box every time and
now it's going to use one more time my
garden because I'm not moving again last
year I had a big truckload full of
leaves
I turned them a couple times and now
it's this leaf compost so here's another
big box you can cut open put it on right
next to the other one overlapping sixes
this whole process has been sheet
mulching
lasagna Marge has their layers oh yeah
yeah
now we're wetting down the cardboard
just plain cardboard as a wrister all
the plastic paper water won't tame the
cardboard and make it friendly to the
critters and all the other fungi the
things that you fell micro hoods have
been a good thing that you didn't have
for sure
so keep any water for a while and
whatever ecology they set up in there so
I'm not going to disturb it any squirrel
attorney waiting stick the other side
it's that way all the way through either
I won't ever turn this one I left the
earthworms
you sound like that takes more time than
I thought wedding
well the cardboard will keep the light
out the holes are there so that the root
of what you're planting above it can
find a way down around the roots can
find the holes let the grass won't live
without the light before I started I
spent a couple of hours wetting down all
the grass and I'll add the least my own
yard that I picked up a load of leaves
and grass fresh grass
so we're going to put a foot of that
not going to be the main layer of mulch
I need a hand
oh I think I'll always be adding compost
so actually it is partly it was
inspiration that's what I use to kind of
get me feel started I raked I knocked
off the gardens with the rabies and then
I could see what it was like look like